Update close-your-account.md (#3689)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/commerce/close-your-account.md

6. For each disabled subscription, repeat steps 3 through 5 until all subscriptions are deleted.

> [!NOTE]

> > The Delete subscription option isn't available until three days after you cancel a 'Free Trial' Azure subscription. Otherwise, If you're unable to immediately delete a disabled subscription, <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=518322" target="_blank">contact support</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The **Delete subscription** option isn't available until three days after you have cancelled a 'Free Trial' Azure subscription. Otherwise, If you're unable to immediately delete a disabled subscription, <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=518322" target="_blank">contact support</a>.
```

> > The **Delete subscription** option isn't available until three days after you have cancelled a 'Free Trial' Azure subscription. Otherwise, If you're unable to immediately delete a disabled subscription, <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=518322" target="_blank">contact support</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The **Delete subscription** option isn't available until three days after you have cancelled a 'Free Trial' Azure subscription. Otherwise, if you're unable to immediately delete a disabled subscription, <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=518322" target="_blank">contact support</a>.
```
